SORA academy, builders intro and respective images (#87)
sora-xor/sora-docs: src/participate.md

# Participate in SORA Economy

> After the in-depth introduction to SORA and its economic principles
> available in the [SORA Economy](sora-economy.md) section, here you
> will find practical information to take part in the SORA economic system in technical and
> practical aspects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the [in-depth introduction](sora-economy.md) to SORA and its economic principles,
here you will find some practical and technical information to help you take part in the SORA economic system.
```
